On Social Mining

Social mining is a series of community events and social experiences that are going to be a joy for participants and an absolute nightmare for sibyl douchebags.

With a decentralized approach, YungPunks will reach out into the crypto ecosystem, together, on a journey to build community, foster innovation, and have some fun.

42% of the tokens will be placed in a social mining pool for YungPunks to earn as rewards for their social efforts in helping buidl the yungPunks ecosystem and future of decentralized web3 social media.

A base rate (1) will be awarded to all yungpunks for their participation in social experiences, which will be annouced either before or after they happen.  Multipliers to the base rate will be awarded to individual punks as traits for exceptional contributions, consistent participation, and active engagement with the community.

Tokens will be unlocked as soon as they are awarded and punks may do with them as they wish.  However, to vote in the DAO, to join a working group or sit on the council, a specific number of tokens must be kept locked within their Punks wallet.  This maintains a bar of commitment to the ecosystem for all active contributors, everyones contribution to the DAO starts by paying it forward to your fellow punk buidlers by hodling some tokens in perpetuity as long as you wish to contribute to active development of the platform.

There will be a 1 week delay on joining or leaving the DAO, and a 1 month minimum hodl period.  This means a 6 week turn around time on liquidity of your tokens and discourages implusive or predatory voting.

The bar will be low to vote in the DAO, and the token requirement will be based on 1 month worth of average user activity.

The bar will be slightly higher to join a working group, the requirement will be .00042% the total supply for the first year, and voted on by the DAO after.  This effectively caps total working group members at 100k

The bar to join the council will be voting.  All council members will be voted in by their respective working groups by majority vote held every 6 months. There will be an additional requirement of 3 months activity and hodl in a DAO working group to be eligible to be voted into a council position.

There will be a lock on these tokenomics for the first year of social mining, or until the tokens are fully mined, whichever comes first.  After that it will be the job of the DAO to determine inflation or deflation of the yPunk token based on ecosystem activity, as ETH has done.  This should be done through raising or lowering the value ceiling (total token supply) based on user activity and ecosystem value generation.

This is not an airdrop, this is proof of social work and fair compensation for your help in growing yungPunks as a community.

Please use ETH as a guiding beacon
Please use ETH as a guiding beacon
Tokens have no value, users have value